Create ui-c8y-1021-45-0-distinguish-ca-certificate-in-certificate-list-8332-graft-release-cd-8371.md (#2976)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-45-0-distinguish-ca-certificate-in-certificate-list-8332-graft-release-cd-8371.md

---
date: ""

> title: distinguish ca certificate in certificate list (#8332) [GRAFT][{release/cd}] (#8371)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Enhanced certificate management with ability to sign and issue certificates
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60958
version: 1021.45.0
---

> distinguish ca certificate in certificate list (#8332) [GRAFT][{release/cd}] (#8371)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} has enhanced its certificate management with the ability for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. As a result, the list of certificates in a tenant which previously only contained the  trust anchor certificates does now also include the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates. The latter are identifiable by the label TENANT CA.
```

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} has enhanced certificate management with the ability for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. This means that when looking at the list of certificates on a tenant you will now see the trust anchor certificates and the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates, the latter are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} has enhanced the certificate management with the ability for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. This means that the list of certificates in a tenant, which previously only contained the  trust anchor certificates, does now also include the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates. The latter are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.
```
